- boils my name is Carly Brooke and I'm
here today at the Los Angeles Zoo
checking out some really cool creatures
I'm gonna be presenting some facts as we
go along so please join me on my trip to
the zoo all right so these guys behind
me are called all those African crowned
cranes and as you can see they have this
big fluff ball on top of their head
which is considered a crown
it actually looks more like straw hat
that you would see it's on some drunk
guy at the Copacabana
you know but the cool thing about these
birds is that they actually have this
really really elaborate meeting dance
for two so both sexes male and female
will jump up and down
they will make this loud booming call
and the males if you see right here have
this red sack it's not inflated right
now but during mating season they
actually will inflate the whole sack and
it makes this like loud like King
boom-boom noise but apparently that gets
the girls going and that's when mating
begins and then if you see over here
mating lot obviously successful they
usually like to buy the eggs and clutch
after about a month the chicks are gonna
hatch and they're gonna be ready to
fledge as soon as they come out so
they'll be pretty much little miniature
versions that these guys
the male's get to be around 3.3 feet
tall and then they weigh somewhere
around 8 pounds so they're pretty tall
birds and really really cool to keep -
it honestly looks like there's something
out of like a cartoon or like drawn in
some futuristic world I don't really get
over the whole crown thing maybe that's
just me
all right guys I hope you had fun today
at the LA Zoo cuz I know I did if you
want to check out more crazy animals
please visit my website
www.realisticpencildrawing.com